here we have
nor did he emphasize that he is a lawyer a little bit bigger
quite bigger than people of different
and pretty I will explain the basic things that
more or less here we have
thrown into the air that goes in there goes
afp from there
everything in the afternoon in the mr
also there the deposit of
the suter
will be built because I want a very small deposit and
and it adapts very well
then you can get it moves the straight and the boundary and a lot of comfort
and the deposit not only this but if it is here to attend the deposit you
to make points nothing lower and the promo take discomfort from the curves
1 also good as you can see
all finishes are carbon nelson
and also the swingarm is a joy
very important for madonna fashionistas
tomorrow they will
ban during a snowfall
we go very little condemn I keep it graner plus the biggest one too
they were from para
to try to hold all the full force that the tire demands
and for the camera we have
these plates
in more safety issues in case you fall do not lose oil
Iran expressed a motorcycle they finished very good too
the chassis is one of the most important things because it is the only engine
the chassis where you work plus a very well finished chassis with it
the honduras by hand
there they are very well made
we will die the front of the bike
we do not have the orgy the suspension
use the same wave
but we have to better
but there's also the whole part of him
from the brake disc to the pump which is a pretty large disc for
to close as quickly as possible
all the weight of the company's bike pretty
for the final to aznar not sell less time
the possible time
all the bike and get better in the curve
but we also have front tire that is a pretty romantic
width of doing has said
to see a little bit of agility of the bike but
but also
it gives you a little more flu
love turned off whole face can keep mud
the air act that is
one of the things that many manufacturers also work for because it makes you
win
acro bullfighter ducks rate win this equino subway the rai that this tenth that
but it counts a lot
this is a part of the bike that is completely the same for all the engine
is deaf and id
and the clutch is a bounce mind of the brand its term manufacturer
of chassis completely all motorcycles carry the same clemente rebound
that in theory when they leave the clutch already works just go ask is it ask
worry about if
7 min the votes was too much understood as it competes
the appointments what proved diomede I like quite a lot and to do is give a
little the bike that is just enough to enter the curve
then there is also a hundred
there the exhaust that is important also to that the engine is identical
for all
and good escape control that
what you like gives you gain speed is tenths of the straight
the rear disc brake
among others but tying the bomb as a disk
It's much smaller than the front one gets used little, just go
to have some braking
and he could more
and dialogue to
the normative is normative enough to shock
I do not know what was the best one adeba narrow canary enough to
acceleration but bush is the same for all of the manufacturer
he does not own it well we have to walk excellent fashion tuned further
to work tires well
we should not
the screen
that where the moment is respected the only information that I have
of the motorbike
and good that we have a little
there I spent quite badly unemployed the green revolution of the motorbike
Mérida - January 9
in the middle class moved by navarra
I do not have too few things there and the time per lap
we also have marking the best time in this case samantha the best
time for that
in that round
the laps you take will also be in that exit
engine temperature
the march that is ascending
it is time that these lights if the engine goes very seriously it is understood
washes
appealed to the logical mind is cold was also discounted amounts turn on the
green light
i called
are things that jeter reflects a little bit not the information that in this
on the bike of this model
can not be configured in several ways but I have a little more barley
simple